Operator single agent container section (#21698)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/containers/datadog_operator.md

  kubectl apply -f /path/to/your/datadog-agent.yaml
  ```

> ### Running Agents in a Single Container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Running Agents in a single container
```

> <div class="alert alert-warning">Available in Operator 1.4.0 or later</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">Available in Operator v1.4.0 or later</div>
```

> By default, Operator creates an agent daemonset with pods running multiple agent containers. Operator 1.4.0 introduces a configuration which allows users to run agents in a single container. This feature is only applicable when privileged agents are not required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Operator creates an Agent DaemonSet with pods running multiple Agent containers. Operator 1.4.0 introduces a configuration which allows users to run Agents in a single container. This feature is only applicable when privileged Agents are not required.
```

> By default, Operator creates an agent daemonset with pods running multiple agent containers. Operator 1.4.0 introduces a configuration which allows users to run agents in a single container. This feature is only applicable when privileged agents are not required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the Datadog Operator creates an agent daemonset with pods running multiple agent containers. Datadog Operator v1.4.0 introduces a configuration which allows users to run agents in a single container. This feature is only applicable when privileged agents are not required.
```

> To enabled this feature add `global.containerStrategy: single` configuration to the `DatadogAgent` manifest:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable this feature add `global.containerStrategy: single` to the `DatadogAgent` manifest:
```

Author: Fixed manually.

> To enabled this feature add `global.containerStrategy: single` configuration to the `DatadogAgent` manifest:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable this feature, add `global.containerStrategy: single` to the `DatadogAgent` manifest:
```

>   ```yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< highlight yaml "hl_lines=7" >}}
```

Reviewer: Suggesting to replace the code fences -- using the `highlight` setting here allows the line to be highlighted for the reader. Screenshot:

<img width="840" alt="containerStrategy_setting" src="https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/assets/36318703/ff26831a-536a-4470-b329-209f2f184361">

> By default, the Datadog Operator creates an Agent Daemonset with pods running multiple Agent containers. Datadog Operator v1.4.0 introduces a configuration which allows users to run Agents in a single container. In order to avoid elevating privileges for all Agents in the single container, this feature is only applicable when `system-probe` or `security-agent` is not required. For more details check [privileges required by various Agents][7].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Datadog Operator creates an Agent DaemonSet with pods running multiple Agent containers. Datadog Operator v1.4.0 introduces a configuration which allows users to run Agents in a single container. In order to avoid elevating privileges for all Agents in the single container, this feature is only applicable when `system-probe` or `security-agent` is not required. For more details, see [Running as an unprivileged user][7] on the Agent Data Security page.
```

Reviewer: `DaemonSet` is what's used in the [Kubernetes docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/daemonset/) and most other pages in our own docs. 

Also updating the link text to be more descriptive per the [documentation style guide](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#links).

  apiVersion: datadoghq.com/v2alpha1
  kind: DatadogAgent
  metadata:
    name: datadog
  spec:
    global:
      containerStrategy: single
      credentials:
        apiSecret:
          secretName: datadog-secret
          keyName: api-key
        appSecret:
          secretName: datadog-secret
          keyName: app-key
    features:
      apm:
        enabled: true
      logCollection:
        enabled: true

>   ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< /highlight >}}
```

> With the above configuration, agent pods will run single container with three agent processes. Default for `global.containerStrategy` is `optimized` and runs each agent process in a separate container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

With the above configuration, Agent pods run as single containers with three Agent processes. The default for `global.containerStrategy` is `optimized` and runs each Agent process in a separate container.
```

Author: Fixed manually.

> With the above configuration, agent pods will run single container with three agent processes. Default for `global.containerStrategy` is `optimized` and runs each agent process in a separate container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the above configuration, agent pods run a single container with three agent processes. Default for `global.containerStrategy` is `optimized` and runs each agent process in a separate container.
```

> **Note:** Running multiple agent processes in a single container is discouraged in orchestrated environments such as Kubernetes. Kubernetes manages the lifecycle of pods and containers, it takes actions for example when container within a pod exits unexpectedly. However, when pods run multiple processes their lifecycle needs to be managed by a process manager. The behavior of the process managers is not directly controllable by Kubernetes, potentially leading to inconsistencies or conflicts in the container lifecycle management.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** Running multiple agent processes in a single container is discouraged in orchestrated environments such as Kubernetes. Kubernetes manages the lifecycle of pods and containers, and it takes actions for scenarios, such as when a container within a pod exits unexpectedly. However, when pods run multiple processes, their lifecycle needs to be managed by a process manager. The behavior of the process managers is not directly controllable by Kubernetes, potentially leading to inconsistencies or conflicts in the container lifecycle management.
```

@DataDog/documentation for further input on my edits

> **Note:** Running multiple agent processes in a single container is discouraged in orchestrated environments such as Kubernetes. Kubernetes manages the lifecycle of pods and containers, it takes actions for example when container within a pod exits unexpectedly. However, when pods run multiple processes their lifecycle needs to be managed by a process manager. The behavior of the process managers is not directly controllable by Kubernetes, potentially leading to inconsistencies or conflicts in the container lifecycle management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Running multiple Agent processes in a single container is discouraged in orchestrated environments such as Kubernetes. Pods running multiple processes need their lifecycles to be managed by a process manager, which is not directly controllable by container orchestrators such as Kubernetes and potentially leads to inconsistencies or conflicts in the container lifecycle management.
```

Reviewer: Suggesting to significantly shorten this note, as this is potentially enough content for its own paragraph. Happy to keep iterating on this if you think the meaning is not clear, or if you'd prefer to add it as its own section or paragraph.

Author: Thanks for the feedback. I agree - the Note contained more text then rest of the section so replaced it with your proposal (could commit as it got outdated after earlier commits).
